# Next Fest February

What is a demo but a miserable pile of code and ideas? A dream given shape by a thousand lines of Incomprehensible code. What else could it be but magic? A glimmer of the arcane in this hopeless world.  
With the next fest taking place we will take a little look around the new stuff as usual. Poke our nose into the chambers of wizards weaving spells. Each game gets a few minutes to impress and if it fails to do so, then tough luck. Get a better spellbook.  
How many games in total? Yes. All of them. You want a number? 69 Demos. So you better grab a little drink and get comfy.

Tl;dr at the bottom as always, but try to read it. You can do it. Who knows, maybe you get enchanted too?

## Demos

Starting of strong with **Border Pinoeer**. This game is actually not even part of Next Fest, but I recently bought it and like it a lot. This is a base building tower defense. Play cards to build your base in a grid like map, buildings influence each other to create more resources or to get buffed and deal more damage and the like. You can create towers, units, use spells, build walls. Lot of fun if you like base building and tower defense. Definitivly a recommend from me.

The real next fest we are breaking in with **Mecha BREAK**. Robot PVP. Last time I missed this demo, so looking forward to getting another try this time. Starts off with a classic five minute shader compilation, no comment on that. It has a detailed character creator for some reason? I thought this was robots— oh my god. I get it. It's Robots and Gooning. Decent gameplay, unfortunately it looks like the typical eastern predatory monetization systems are in place. Battlepass in a demo, come on. At least that Robot has really nice curves. Yeah the robot... My god.

With my new PC my electric bill will be **electrobillion**. Game has no settings, no audio. There isn't even a menu. It drops you right into the silent suffering that is this power grid management simulator. Yes, a game about building an power grid. Place substations, windmills, solar and power plants to match the growing cities power consumption. City builder but a bit of a puzzler to always match power consumption to prevent blackouts. Basically the aspect everybody hates in good games like Factorio. No thanks. Game doesn't even have an exit button.

**Heroes For Hire** in this economy? Unreal. Game starts and there are two language options. English and CleanEnglish. I like it unclean so I select option one, but as I understand it only changes the font to be readable so tough luck for me. The game then gives you the option for a settings wizard. A wizard, to setup your settings, in a game. Do they have such little faith in todays gamers? Then again look at certain streamers. Actually a good idea, I want to change my mind. I'm creating my own adventurers guild and off I go to... a Pc screen. This is a game about managing your guild from a Pc screen. Lots of windows, lots of text, lots of tutorials to read. Manager type game, no thanks I don't like it.

Last time we had Rusty's Retirement and that one seemed to create a whole bunch of clones. Games that run on the bottom of the screen while you do other things. First of one of these clones is **Tiny Terraces**. Tiny dudes harvesting stuff, you get money, create more guys, build a big farm at the bottom of your screen. Seems neat and relaxing. Slow but that's the point, you are supposed to do other stuff on the side. Like actual work. Wait, why do games like these exist again?

**Little Library** is a game about managing a library during COVID lockdowns. Yes really. At least that's what it said in the opening dialogue with the mayor. Getting stardew valley vibes, except this is a really rough game. You move with arrow keys, WASD does not work. Let's see the library— No you can't. You have to visit all the villagers first. Okay then, let me enter this first house. A cutscene starts where two villagers walk to the my character standing at the entrance door. It takes fifteen seconds. I'm out, sorry little dev bro, but I got better games to test than your first time game.

**The First Berserker: Khazan**, you probably heard about this one already. I launch the game, it tells me it needs a .net Framework to be installed, but boots the game before that installation is even finished? A little tomfoolery, is it? I'm skipping everything in the game as I only want to try the combat. It's great that the game starts with a forced two minute walking section. Yeah really enjoying this part already. Gameplay once it finally starts feels a bit like Lies of Pi where you really need to parry stuff. Could be better, but not the worst. Will probably not play this.

Did you ever hear about Angry Birds? Well **Mobs 'N Monsters** is like that. Only you shoot monsters and it's complete and utter shit. It lacks gameplay, story, design, proper menus, and even functionality. This has more bugs than my own code. Here is an example: You can equip your monsters with items. I gave the starting zombie a pair of teeth that gave it +2 attack. Great right? Only it bugged out and I can't equip it after unequipping it but I still get -2 attack every time I try. So now i have a -227 attack zombie and that number quite well represents my overall score for this game.

As you face the void the **VOIDFACE** faces you. A bullet hell game. And it's a good one. Each level is a boss rush, dodge bullets shoot big boss. The bullet patterns are crazy. You know it's a good game if you can shoot the guy in the tutorial and he turns into a giga boss harder than anything you have ever seen. Try beating him if you want a challenge. Good game.

I'm gonna **Level up Everything!** And I'm going to max level this game. What is this shit? First of the art is like super AI generated, then the game is some sort of dungeon crawler, turn based. You got cards to do stuff but it's not even clear what they do. Tutorial is ass, art is ass. There is like twenty enemy goblins on the map and on their turn they all move but here is the issue: All their footsteps get played at the same time. Can devs like play their own game before publishing a demo? Well even they probably don't want to play this crap.

I hate FOMO, but what about **Fomon**? The game opens in a tiny window. 800x600 or some shit. The "game" consists of selecting a random card out of a random auto generated bunch, then you can fight random enemies. Fighting consists out of pressing a single button. This is literally the worst thing I have ever seen. What's the idea behind this? To watch my random number card beat up other random numbers? There are no skills, no mechanics, nothing. My thing has a tier and an attack number. Enemies also have these two numbers. It auto battles. The Art is made with AI. Throw this away. There is nothing here, only suffering.

Up next we got another crazy chess game with **Black Pieces Move First**. The black pawn revolts against white always moving first. Puzzle game. Move the black pawn around the board to beat white pieces. Pretty neat idea at first but quickly becomes boring in my humble opinion. The black pawn saying to the black bishop that he has sinned by moving first was cinema though.

**Deep Sea Heroes** or more like Deep Sea Shit? Okay this is an TBOI like, rooms with enemies and you shoot them. Select the only character unlocked in the demo. Enemies shoot every second but the player character can only shoot ever five seconds. More if you spam click the mouse button. That's all I saw. Enemies all walking towards you while shooting you, no variety. No items. I ditch.

In **Pixelpusher** you control a circle with WASD and six other circles with your mouse. The other circles can only move a fixed distance away from your main circle. Other players control other circles. Small circles deal damage to other small and big circles. The game mode is capture the flag. Run your enemy in a circle, get their flag which is also a circle and bring it to your flag. The arena is a circle, there are objects that are circles. Circles aside, seems pretty basic and not much to it from the few minutes I peeked into the circle.

**Ground Zero Hero** is a Vampire Survivors clone. You were waiting for one of those, admit it. I'm failing to see where this does anything new that the other clones haven't done. The upgrades aren't even fun and most of the weapons are firing into the direction you are walking. Those types are the worst in these games in my opinion. Trash game. Bad humor. Do better.

Want a little **Bongo Cat** companion? With this game you get the bongo cat meme sitting on your windows taskbar and it counts your button presses. A cute way to encourage yourself to type and press buttons. Apparently there are also drops you can get from doing enough inputs, none so far while writing this review. Seems like a fun little app to have running on the side while typing. Neat idea in my opinion. Shirly this isn't a keylogger or a NFT hat scam. Right?

**Followship** of the Ring. What a movie, goated. This game however. Well, maybe it's cool if you like games like WOW. Classic holy trinity of attack, tank, healer. Combined with different heroes with different abilities. Cut all of the leveling and stuff from a MMORPG and go straight into the dungeon raids. Not my kind of stuff, but might be cool if you are into that.

Omega **Ultra Mega Cats**. With a name like that I'm expecting some cinema. What I get is a 3D Vampire Survivors meets Overwatch hero shooter but with cats. Okay? The game lags, the humor is cringe, the gameplay is not fun. Your gun overheats and leaves you being unable to shoot for like a whole minute. Also the shooting itself feels bad and jank. Ultra Omega Hyper Trash. In all seriousness though, this game sucks. For real.

All games with Fall in the title are good, right? So let's take a look at **CleanFall**. Noita with Don't Starve graphics. Survial roguelike. Weird concept, but looks interesting. You have a gun to dig down, get down as far as possible. The deeper you go the more monsters show up. The atmosphere is really good, the monsters are quite weird and creepy. I like this one, might be an interesting game should you figure out how everything works as there seem to be quite some mechanics. Give it a look and for me it's the first game to wishlist from this next fest.

**Star Fire** starts off with an insane banger in the main menu. Holy. This is a side-scrolling action game. Both hands on the keyboard, WASD-Movement, attacks with J, K, L. Plays like a fighting game. You get random weapons, upgrades and... This is a vampire survivors fighter. Actually fun however, good game. Combat feels fun and a new spin on the genre.

**Settler's Domain** is your classic city builder game. Build tents, gather food, gather resources, get settlers, etc. You know the drill. Honestly why do I keep trying these games? It's so often nothing new. Same old same old. The real question is how fast can you brick your playthrough, that means how fast can you mess your settlement over so you have to start fresh? The answer is: pretty darn fast. But instead of trying again I prefer the uninstall.

**Isle of Reveries** reminds me of an old game boy color zelda game. It has the items, sword, top down view, block pushing puzzles, same drowning animation as Minish Cap even. Seems really well made, pixel art looks super cool. Perfect game if you want that nostalgia feeling. It even tells you there is no autosave, if you don't save yourself progress will be gone. Based.

Clown **Chaos Caster**. Is a TBOI-Like. Cast spells, dash around, clear rooms, get items to get stronger. The controls are complete ass. Movement feels entirely wrong and super jank. The dash is also feels trash as it is far to unresponsive. If you want to make a game like this, movement is king. Get it right before you even think about implementing any further features. Next game please. By the way, is that why it's called next fest? Because you want to move on from some of these and play the next one?

Another mecha game up next with **Dolls Nest**. Cute girls in big mechs. Game starts, tutorial the classic mecha stuff about boosters, guns, etc. Game world itself is quite empty. Gameplay feels a bit jank. Overall nothing in this appeared interesting in the short time I walked around. Only vast and empty. Moving on.

**SHOOPER NOVA** is a rogue-lite, tower defense, and a bullet hell. Or let's call it a Brotato-Like. Play as a planet, add towers and upgrades. Shoot enemies by spinning the towers around. After each wave a shop opens for upgrades. Quite fun, but rotating the towers to hit the enemies seems a bit tedious after a while.

Let's get on the ranch in **Cattle Country**. Start game, get greeted by an sweet pixel art menu, press start, select a save file and let's go. Well, that's how it should have been, but the game literally throws an error at me. System.FormatException: String was not recognized as a valid DateTime. Okay, no worries, let me verify game files and then it should work, right? Nope same error. Trash. Let's take a look in the community hub... and there are people with the same error. Apparently having windows set to a 24h clock crashes the game. Unbelievable, I wanted to do some farming.

Sliding in your DM's as the **Sliding Hero**. You remember those ice sliding puzzles in Zelda or Pokemon? Well, if you love them this is for you. This is a top down adventure game with that mechanic. Where you ask? Everywhere. All rooms. All enemies. Ever. Single. Thing. Press into one direction and you are going to slide until you hit a wall. Time to see past your usual movement and see the straight lines. Time to slide.

**Drop Duchy** combines tetris with Slay the Spire deck building. Awesome concept and executed really well. Looks good, feels good. The only thing that remains to be seen is if there are enough different cards and effects for it to have a lot of variety. Wishlisted and might check it out if it isn't too expensive and I got some time to waste.

**Cardalaxy** is a so called card upgrading game but the only thing this upgrades is my disdain for games that have a thousand menus. Like what the hell is this. Open the game and click a few things and then tell me that this is fun. Menus upon menus. What am I even doing here? At least the Art isn't made by AI because it looks completely shit. Get this trash away from me.

Earlier I talked about Border Pinoeer and now we take a look at **Kingdom's Deck**. This game is pretty much the same, but with slightly different mechanics and much janker controls. Honestly not seeing a reason why you should play this over Border Pinoeer except the different Art style. Isn't it weird how so often two games release close to each other and are very similar? Like I would get it if this came way later, inspiration and all that, but at the same time? A mystery.

**Roots Devour** has you connecting cards with roots. Each card gives you water to connect further cards. A bit like a puzzle game. The tutorial and dialogue is really frustrating however. Every time you want to connect two cards another info or dialogue pops up. It's perfectly timed to be annoying. Oh by the way, you play as an eldritch monster and the water is blood from living things you find and slaughter. Nice.

**Necroflora** is another evil plant like creature game. See what I said above about two games being the same? In this you plant Flowers that grow and shoot enemies that run at you. Game has no audio. Controls are completely unknown, clicking seems to do something? It's also really scrolled out and everything is super tiny. I don't know maybe devs should have watered their pc a bit more so this grew in an actual good game.

Now with **Islets Defense** we got a game with good polish. The tutorial is short and on point. Game is a tower defense, but you also need to gather resources etc. There is four actions that rotate when used. Most right action gets the most stars meaning it can create the most advanced stuff. Really unique concept and seems fun, with amazing strategic depth. The visuals are colorful and really nice to look at. Like it, good one devs.

In **Seeds of Calamity** you are managing a farm after the —you guessed it— calamity. Stardew Valley clone in medieval time. Oh there is also magic. Water can never runs out of water. You have a spellbook companion that turns into some sort of cute animal or a book. The fishing game is the dead by daylight generator thing. Okayish game I suppose.

**Monmusu Auto Battler** start of with selecting the character and then the first line of dialogue is literally _"(Swallows) This... is outrageous!_. Indeed it is. The game appears to be a mobile game, auto battler style and I think this is a gacha to get the cool monster girl characters for your team. Cute colorful art but yeah. Pretty boring, no gameplay other than pressing auto battle. Everything else happens on its own. Can't have gameplay in my video game.

Can you code? **Code Trainer** is there to test your coding skills. It won't teach you how to code but it gives you basic problems to refresh your knowledge. Can pick between basic languages like python, java, javascript, c#. Right now it has only like nine problems to solve. Was fun however to do a quick factorial, has been some time since I did something like this. Neat idea, could be good if they add a lot of content.

**Gothic 1 Remake (Nyras Prologue)**. You know what Gothic is right? THE action RPG. My first ever game I played in this gerne was Gothic. And it was and is the most GOATED game. If you haven't played it then you are not a real gamer. This remake seems okayish. Controls are a bit sluggish, otherwise it seems fine. I will most likely take a look once the game comes out, because this and Gothic 2 are two of my favorite games of all time. Maybe it will be a disappointment though, not sure yet, but from this Demo alone it doesn't seem complete trash. Music is top tier like back in the day, banger OST. You should give it a listen.

Have you missed crafting games? Fear not, we have **Solarpunk** up next. Classic survival crafting game. Collect sticks and stones, craft a axe, chop down a tree, make a workbench, get a pickaxe, get more stone, craft things. Feels like I have played a thousand games like this. The twist in this one however is that it takes place on tiny floating islands. Build an airship and explore other islands. Kind of like stranded survival games but now the islands are in the sky. If you want a survival game, maybe this is something for you.

**Wanderstop** is about running a tea shop as a fighter who wants to fight and not serve tea. Gameplay seems decent, making tea requires many little steps, not hard but takes a while. There is farming for the different types of tea. Game itself seems like it wants to convey the message of taking a break. Some might call this woke. I think it's a neat idea, might be worth to check out this comfy, cozy game. Already on wishlist, stays on wishlist.

Another one of these small games that you can have open while you do other stuff is **Peacequarium**. This one is highly sus however. Menus and everything are terrible. In this one you buy fish for your aquarium. You can have fifty per default. I got an steam achievement for each fish I bought. Game says something about gifts in steam inventory. NFT Game? Uninstalled this shit straight away. You want a good aquarium game? Try Insaniquarium Deluxe. Goated game of my childhood.

**Evoker's Gambit** is a base builder. I think. No real tutorial, a gazillion menus once again with another million different buttons and a billion different currencies. Why. No matter what I click here, it makes no sense to me. What is this, what is that. They certainly took a gambit with this game, by making it a giant pile of shit.

**WarOS** is like Evoker's Gambit. Shit. This is some kind of RTS. At least is think it is? No idea about the controls, no idea about anything in this. The only thing I do know is that when you select anything in this game it plays a high pitched beeping sound which is really annoying. And let me be clear here: It is really bad. Almost as bad as this game.

Very cute looking is **Food Wagon - First Taste**. You run around with a food wagon as the name implies but that's as far as I got. I don't quite understand how this game works. You can kill birds to level and get Vampire Survivor like upgrades but what's the wagon for? And how do you cook? I checked the trailer to figure it out but they fail all steps in that too. Amazing. Devs are cooking with this one, but unfortunately they are cooking themselves.

**Monster Train 2** is like the first game and that is really damn good. This is my favorite Slay the Spire like. Love the first game, love this game. New monsters, new mechanics, new equipment, new artifacts. A wonderful deck builder. Gameplay is simple, defend the train from invaders. There are three rooms, each can hold monsters. Your cards can upgrade monsters, spells deal damage, upgrade your guys or do different stuff. New feature in this one are equipment cards which apply a buff to a monster, but each monster can only hold one by default. I didn't even know they were making this. Love it. Wishlisted and going to buy this one for sure.

In **Gal Guardians: Servants of the Dark** you play as two demon maids after their lord gets killed by a rivaling demon lord. Get his bones to revive him and rebuild the castle in this metroidvania. The pixel art is top tier and the gameplay appears to be decent. A bit of the same enemy types at the start, but maybe it gets better later. If you want to play a Castlevania but with cute demons, and demon maids at that, this is it. Let me say it again: The pixel art is top tier.

**Final Outpost: Definitve Edition** is yet another base builder. Build up your camp against the zombie apocalypse. Collect resources during the day, defend against zombies at night. Mechanics are simple yet interesting enough to make you play another day to see if you will make it. Decent game but nothing new under the sun.

Did anyone say city builder? **Autarkis** is another. Build a settlement, workers, food, energy, mines. It's tiled and a bit puzzly to supply the needed resources to each building. Anything new here? No. One more on the pile. How many city builders can there be? How many will there be? Too many.

**Sandustry** is a game about shifting through sand to find gold. Powder physics meet automation. Throw sand into water and shake it to reveal the gold inside. Conveyor belts and automatic shakers are of course included. Game seems fun at first until you notice how slow everything is. First research is fifty gold, easy. The second is five hundred. You get around 20 gold every minute or so if you trying hard as mining and picking up can't be automated at the start. I suppose it will be later, but I don't see myself grinding for hours before the real fun starts.

**Founders Lagacy**, a half screen game. Again. Everyone hopping on the rusty's retirement success. In this one you build a settlement or something. Honestly as soon as a bunch of achievements popped up again I ditched. UI is way to small to tell what's going on or to read the texts. Hate it. No more of these please. Make real games not attention zappers that sit on the bottom half of the screen. Humanity is already fighting enough of that cancer.

The baby of Luck be a Landlord and Stardew Valley is **Another Farm Roguelike: Rebirth**. Roguelike Stardew Valley but turn based. Each turn rent gets higher, so you need to get more crops and more money. Build, craft, plant, FARM. Gameplay feels good, no talking or running, click everything and get the money. Buy more land plots like in forager. Like it. Wishlisted this one.

**Rustwing** is a roguelike space ship game. Fly your ship and shoot other ships. Get upgrades and stuff, traverse a map FTL-like. Controls are those weird space ship controls where you move forwards by pressing W and steer left and right by pressing A and D. I was never a fan, will never be a fan of that. Graphics aren't the best either. Pass on this.

**Asgard's Fall - Viking Survivors**? More like Vampire Survivors, but this time it's done right. A lot of powerups, mechanics, upgrades, many enemies, cute little pixel graphics. It has it all. Gameplay is smooth. Seeing a lot of mechanics from other vampire survivors that I liked here. Liking it, good mix up devs.

A quick look at **Neongarten**. A city puzzler. Place the right buildings next to each other in a 3D Grid. Yeah that's the game, didn't interest me a lot to be honest. Skipping ahead quick on this one, sorry devs.

Stardew Valley meets... Genshin without the gacha? **Tales of Seikyu** combines the two into a fresh new take on farming. A land of mythical Yokai's, you are one too and can change your form into other creatures, like a boar. Game is still a bit rough at the moment but the potential is there and seems huge. Apparently there are also pals like in palworld? This game has it all and I might check this out again if they keep cooking like this.

**SERAPH: In the Darkness** is a Diablo 2 Clone. Let's boot up the game, press start and it selected the asian server. Well no problem I only want to take a quick look anyway. Next is character creation. Classes stand around a bonfire like in diablo. Pick one and get blasted IRL. Each class has a little video playing for what it can do, only problem: it has a volume and that is playing really loud. Also the music doesn't fit this atmosphere at all. Okay, no problem. Pick the necro and let's go. Wait I need to give a name, I go with the creative "Test1231dsa". _Name contains sensitive content, please adjust._ Did I stutter? The only thing this has going for it is being a bad Diablo 2 copy. It looks like AI has been used here. Don't play.

Hero based Diablo? **Dragonkin: The Banished** looks to be just that. Select your hero, find the dragon and kill it. Didn't create a single spark of excitement for me. Game starts you as a warrior with 20k hp. Holy numbers. The best attack is a wide sweep that you do by pressing 2. So walk and press two. For minutes until I closed the game. Make me press more buttons or anything exciting at all and you might make me care a bit.

I didn't know they made a game about you. **Nerd Simulator** is one of those Pc Hacker type of games like Welcome to the game or others of its kind. Neat little puzzles, humor and a thick boned nerd. Fun game but not my kind of stuff.

**Tower of Babel: Survivors of Chaos**, Vampire Survivor like, climb the tower, kill enemies, get upgrades. You know it. Same but different, but still the same. Thousands of Vampire Survivor likes. When will someone make a game to slay all the vampire surviors? That would be funny. Ah you want to know something about this game? No.

**The King is Watching** again. The keen eye might remember that I have review this game in the past already. Back then I think I liked the concept but I thought it was too slow and not interesting enough. Well, let me tell you I like this game now. I really like it now. Place tiles to gather resources, but only those tiles under your watch actually work. Kind of like in real life. Slay the Spire like deckbuilding, artifacts and all of that is in. Love it. Wishlisted and most likely going to check this one out. What a redemption story for this one.

Next: **Knightica**. Another Slay the Spire like. In this you build recruit troops to auto battle the enemy. A bit like Auto Chess since you can combine units of the same type. Units buff each other and become stronger. Simple and fun concept. I like it. If this isn't too expensive I might buy this and check it out.

**Fae Farm** is a Stardew Valley like with a focus on coop. Up to four players on the farm, farming, growing, planting. At this point you should already be dreaming about planting crops. Watering crops. Harvesting crops. All the crops. Game seems neat, fun graphics, smooth gameplay. Not sure what new stuff this one brings to the table however excpet more of the same. During character creation every time I selected anything the character laughed. Hilarious really. Wishlist removed.

Become the **Debugging Hero** by drawing the debugging sword. With it you can change values during gameplay, like your health, attack damage, armor. Enemies can also be changed. Then fight in a top down action game to slay the demon lord. What an unique idea. Art is really cute. unfortunately I talked to a bonfire that restarted the entire demo and I don't want to go thought all the dialogue again. Each dialogue box has a fun sound however. Satisfying slam for every line. Neat game.

I only installed **Lucifer vs Furries** to see how bad it is. The answer is pretty bad. Of course this is a Vampire Surviors clone where you play as lucifer and punch furries. Whole screen turns red from blood. Gameplay is nothing special. A pile of edginess that forgot it had to be fun along the way.

**Call The Abyss**? I would rather have you call the police. What the fuck is this. It tries to be... a Vampire Surviors clone. What else if not that? Are there any other genres left? The ground texture is extremely blurry. The gameplay is not existent. Everything in this game is horribly done. Bad code, literally. Actually call the police off or they will arrest me for what I want to type about this pile of shit.

**Is This Seat Taken?** In this cute puzzle game in which you have to find a seat for every person. Everyone has specific likes and dislikes. Try to make everyone happy. Really cute art and the puzzles are fun. I like this puzzle game a lot. Cool stuff. Wishlisted.

Some kind of survival game. **Machine Mind**. Sorry but the only thing I noticed about this game is the translation. It is hilariously bad. Worse than a third grade online translator. Proper translation is hard, but with a million games you have to put in the effort. If you don't care enough, then I wont either. Besides, the gameplay was ass. I hate these top down driving survival games. Get out.

**Broventure: The Wild Co-op** actually has the same translation issue as Machine Mind. Also this is a Vampire Survivors clone. Why are we here? Just to suffer? Make it stop already. The style of this reminds me of Don't Starve. Which is a good game. Play that and not this. Fuck this. No further comments your honor.

Half screen game? Then you get half of my attention dear **Animal Spa**. Click a thousands of tutorials to do some shit to set up a spa. Wow. Such menus. Very clicky. Much animals. I'm done.

**Do No Harm**. Papers Please inspired but this time you are not border patrol but a lovecraftian doctor. Quickly find out the patients disease and give them the right magic fluid. Careful however, some are allergic to certain substances or have other symptoms that have to be cross checked. Doesn't help that you go more insane with every minute. Great concept, wishlisted.

## TL;DR

A lot of trash as usual but also some really bright shining stars in this batch: CleanFall, Drop Duchy, Wanderstop, **Monster Train 2**, Another Farm Roguelike: Rebirth, **The King is Watching**, Is This Seat Taken? and Do No Harm.

My personal highlights are Monster Train 2 and The King is Watching. I'll absolutely play those two and maybe also dive into the lovecraftian horrors of CleanFall and Do No Harm if I have some time to waste.

Cheers your local demo hunter.
